whois, dig, traceroute, nslookup, nikto, dmitry

1. whois
● whois wikipedia.com
used to retrieve registration and ownership details of domain names, IP addresses, or ASNs by querying WHOIS databases.

2. dig
● dig google.com
● `dig example.com MX` - Retrieves Mail Exchange records for "example.com."
● `dig -x 8.8.8.8` - Performs reverse DNS lookup for IP address 8.8.8.8.
● `dig +short example.com` - Shows only IP addresses associated with "example.com."
● ’dig example.com NS +trace` - Traces delegation path and queries authoritative nameservers
for "example.com."
● `dig example.com AAAA +dnssec` - Requests IPv6 addresses with DNSSEC information.
● `dig example.com SOA +noall +answer` - Retrieves Start of Authority record, displaying only
the answer section.

3. traceroute
● traceoute wikipedia.com
network diagnostic tool that traces the route and measures the round-trip time of packets as they travel through routers between a source and a destination IP address. It helps identify network paths and potential bottlenecks.

4. nslookup
● nslookup wikipedia.com
Network utility used to query DNS servers for domain name resolution, IP address retrieval, and DNS record information.

5. Nikto:
● nikto -h wikipedia.com

6. Dmitry:
● dmitry google.com
UNIX/(GNU)Linux command line application with the ability to gather as much information as possible about a host. Basic functionality of DMitry allows for information to be gathered about a target host from a simple
whois lookup on the target to uptime reports and TCP port scans.

WHOIS Lookup:
● dmitry -w example.com
IP WHOIS Lookup:
● dmitry -wi 8.8.8.8
Retrieve Netcraft Info:
● dmitry -n example.com
Search for Subdomains:
● dmitry -s example.com
Search for Email Addresses:
● dmitry -e example.com
TCP Port Scan:
● dmitry -p example.com
Save Output to example.txt:
● dmitry -s -e -p example.com > example.txt

Email Harvesting Command:
● dmitry -e example.com
Subdomain Harvesting Command:
● dmitry -s example.com